Brother, um, are you looking for me?
Hey, third sister
Brother Ma Liang is alright
He's okay, he's just seriously injured
I'm resting now.
Seriously injured
big brother
What's the matter with you? Why are you babbling?
Nothing. Just wanted to talk to you
After you personally entered the Duke's Mansion
Did you find anything?
I found that chicks can be a tough character
He doesn't just know magic
And quite capable, of course.
If he were a gelatinocyte raising a chef
It won't be so difficult for us.
Hahaha hey
What about the second brother? Why didn't I see him?
You said second brother
Second brother
Be careful behind you
Brother, why is this? Why?
Of course, it's because you only need one leader to bully the king.
You pariahs
How dare you cooperate with me
There will be a bloodline in charge